do you think we'll be able to break the
seal we can worry about him later for
now we need to take the dragon orb no
he's coming with us it's huge how we
gonna get him out what if we use that is
that the water mirror Samaria told me
about it with this mirror you can talk
to people far away and transport things
you put in it so if we were to jump in
we could all go back to Midgard then
let's go
help
what are you doing here stand down I'm
not here to fight I need your help
nobody cares what you need even to save
silm area Odin wasn't the only one
Lazard took with him he has cell mariya
as well we're not fools you can't trick
us that easily what didn't you see it
for yourselves well we were a little
busy at the time but you must have seen
Lazard use a divine technique against
Odin it is a magic which cannot
naturally be used by humans unless they
have the necessary knowledge and power
the knowledge in the Philosopher's Stone
and the power of Samaria Lazard has
created a new world outside of Yggdrasil
and fled there
a new world the king he is seeking to
transcend this mortal coil by creating a
closed timeline a new world tree
stemming from neither the heavens the
underworld nor the world of mortals in
other words independence from the gods
so it's true they did it they completed
their research in Japan yes he's
probably figured out the sovereigns
right as well
we'll have our hands full hey are you
thinking about going why wouldn't I I
don't care what happens to Odin well I
can't let that madman run wild agreed
release Brahms from his prison and
return the dragon orb those are our
conditions humans negotiating with God's
never
damn we should have run instead of
getting mixed up with her you're mad if
you think we gods would stand by while
you are here yah slip away
welcome to the fight take care of those
two for me
cryst have you gone mad I won't stand by
while you gods kill my own hair yarn
Crist stop this
so it has come to this all I can do is
entrust our fate to you lenneth